Update CHANGELOG for 0.3.0 release (#88)
Sensirion/embedded-common: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.0] - 2021-02-01

 * [`rework`]  I2C and SHDLC specific READMEs.
 * [`fixed`]   handling of execution errors when using the SHDLC protocol. Now
               execution errors reported in the state byte result in an error.

>  * [`added`]   README to explain the usage of the GPIO bitbanging sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [`added`]   README to explain the usage of the GPIO bit banging sample
```

bit banging is two words

               implementation.
 * [`added`]   I2C and SHDLC specific READMEs to explain first steps to use a driver.
 * [`moved`]   Software I2C implementation from it's own folder into a folder
               in sample implementations. The software I2C is now seen as a
               general sample implementation of the I2C HAL. It was also renamed

>                to GPIO bitbanging. Additionally functions were renamed to include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               to GPIO bit banging. Additionally functions were renamed to include
```
